oh my god hey hey hey so what is the big
surprise
okay okay okay awkward question the
hospital knows you took two right so
cute know what what kinds are they okay
this is a boy that's a girl her name is
Erica hey that pregnant girl's name was
Erica yeah it's a shame you two didn't
get to spend more time together
we named the boy Jack after dad it's
gonna be so happy
Oh Jack Bing I love that what sounds
like it like a 40s newspaper guy you
know Jack Bing morning Gazette I'm gonna
I'm gonna blow this story wide open I
want one oh yeah well tell me which one
I'll try to slip it in my coat seriously
I'm gonna make one of those one how
about a whole bunch really yeah oh we
can teach them to sing and we can be
like the Von Trapp family only without
the Nazis although that sounds kind of
dull I can't believe this if I don't
leave now I'm gonna miss my plane I'm
just so glad you got to see that me too
oh I'm just sorry I'm not gonna be
around to watch you two attempt to
handle this all right oh I can't say bye
to you guys again I love you all so much
love you love you good calls when you
get there I will rasca me
I just want you to know last night I'll
never forget it neither will I all right
now we really have to go okay ah revoir
oh we're gonna really hate me over there
so you just let her go
yeah hey maybe that's for the best
yeah yeah you know you just look you
gotta you got to think about last night
the way she does okay you know maybe
maybe sleeping together was the perfect
way to say goodbye but now she'll never
know how he feels maybe that's okay you
know maybe maybe it is better this way I
mean now now you can move on I mean
you've been trying to for so long maybe
now that you're on different continents
right
maybe now you can actually do it you
know you can you can finally get over
yeah that's true except I don't want to
get over her what I don't I want to be
with her really yeah I'm gonna go after
yeah yeah my coat this is so cool
I have no idea what's going on but I am
excited what do you what do you think
she's gonna say I don't know but uh look
even if she shoots me down at least I
won't spend the rest of my life
wondering what would have happened where
where is my coat I'll Drive in the air
boys wish me luck